good
NEws

Paris Adventure
The children were doing a project onFrance.Mrs May showed them somepictures of Paris.

Mrs May showed them a pictureof the Eiffel Tower.“lt looks very tall,” said Biff.
After school Mum came to meet Biffand Chip. Biff had a picture of Paris.“We
are doing a project on France,she said.

Later Nadim and Anneena came to“| know," said Chip.“Let's paint theplay with
Biff and Chip. Anneena had aFrench flag.”model of the Eiffel Tower.He got a
big sheet of paper and theybegan to paint it.
AE
Suddenly the magic key began to glow.lt was time for an adventure.“Oh no!"
said Biff.“[ wanted to finishpainting the flag.”
The magic took them back in time. lttook them to a busy town.“There are no
cars," said Chip.“Thismust be a long time ago.”
“| know where we are." said Biff.“We are in Paris. Look at all the
flags.Anneena was excited.“We can goand see the Eiffel Tower," she said.
9
Nadim asked a policeman.“Do youknow where the Eiffel Tower is?” heasked“The
Eiffel Tower!" said thepoliceman.“There is no such thing.
The children looked for the Eiffel Towerbut they couldn't find it.“Are you
sure this is Paris?" askedChip.
Anneena asked alady.“Do vou knowwhere the Eiffel Tower is?" she asked.“The
Eiffel Tower!” said the lady.“Thereis no such thing."




“| know why we can't find the
Eiffel Tower," said Biff. “lt hasn't been
invented.”
Just then they saw a man. He was
pulling a cart.
The man pulled a sheet off the cart.
“This is my model," he said.
“What is it?" asked Nadim
"Will wou help? asked the man“| can't get the cart up this step."The children
helped the man pull thecart into a hall.
B
“lt is a torch," said the man. “lt will betaller than all the houses in
Paris.Peoplewill see it for miles. Here is a picture. lt
The children looked round the nall.There were lots of models.“It's a
competition," said Chip.“l knowwhich one will win ... the Eiffel Tower!”
"Buticantsee tne Eiffellower. salcNadim.Some people began to look at themodels
to see which was the best.
V
15
“Everyone will see my torch for miles,said the man. “At night the top will
lightup like this!" He plugged in the torch.
There was a loud bang. The top ofthe torch blew off. Then it fell over with
acrash.

“aH!" said the man.“lt needs a littlework.”
Anneena had an idea. She beganto lift the broken torch.“Help me,everyone," she
said.
The children turned the torch upside
down.
“What does it look like to you?" askedAnneena.
“| wonder if that was Monsieur Eiffel."said Biff.
“And if that was how the Eiffel Towerwas invented!” said Nadim.
Activities
1. Listen to the story.
2. Read the story aloud.
3. Retell the story.
4. Rewrite the story.
“lt looks like the Eiffel Tower," saidBiff. She spoke to the man.
“Excuse me," she said. “Why notmake the torch into a tower?”
“Excuse me," said Anneena. But isvour name Eiffel?”
“Brilliant!" said the man.“Brilliant!”Just then the magic key began to glow.











